1/23

first issue (a minor one) is to set up the event. have it triggered by the registration and send he appropriate information

1/25

made an acccount database, the 2nd after namedatase. both ahve a testing databse. make sure everything gets sent to tthe right place

the mongodb extension connects the the connection
the databse is what the env connects to


1/29

had put a premade file in app.get() as a test.
What I had gotten was 'mongodb://localhost:27017/Accounts_Database', but NO UPDATE
    
    so I know that there wasnt some sort of inherent error.

the problem is that there are two different directions the code is going

having the focu and app.get method implies that I want the event of the form to cause the code to run
but the fact that I was expecting the cpde to update upon the save, (and show the new document) suggests something else

what I need to do is to either:
    have a way for the code to show up WITHOUT the app.get
    OR
    have a way for the code to show up based on the form

should try the second first

forgot mongoose.connect(process.env.Accounturi)

TypeError: path argument is required to res.sendFile

import.meta.dirname  
    the directory the script is in
    node example.js from /Users/mjr
         /Users/mjr
    not global, local to each module
import.meta.filename 
    the filename fo the code being executed
    node example.js from /Users/mjr
         /Users/mjr/example.js

1/31

app.get about wotking with get requests
app.post to the dateabse...or something like that


2/1

partial success. can send the email and passwords to mondob, but for whatever reason, not the username. likely a small syntacical error.

I have successfully. managed to make and send account data to a database.

other things I need to do:

have proper code shown when chaing the url
    (this is likely where the ejs template engine starts to matter )
have confirmation emails sent to an email
have a way to block out the passwords
have good password standards
have a way to sign into an account
have a way to reset your password
have tfa
have warning that you got the username or password wrong
social media feed

start with ejs

2/2

needed to make an update. 

nothings showing up. fix that. likely pathing involved

2/3

everything runs on index.html, but nothign on home.ejs
